feat: GitHub templates (#3)
Soheab/dpy-missing-features: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Contributing

Before continuing, we wanted to thank you for your dedication if you want to contribute to this repository,
as you are helping other people have up-to-date information of discord.py's missing features.

Now, here are the guidelines you need to follow to contribute to this project.

## Creating Pull Requests

When creating a pull request you must fill the template, which contains the following:

- Brief Description: A short description that describes what the pull request has changed.
- Detailed Description: A detailed description of what the pull request has changed.
- Change Log: A list of the changes you've made to the repository files.
- Checklist: A checklist that has to be filled depending on what your PR does.

> You also must make sure to provide a source to the Discord API Documentation or discord.py PR or any other "trusted"
> source like a Discord Developer/Staff member, a well-known bot developer, a well-known library developer, etcetera. Or
> if it is in the [Unofficial Discord API Documentation](https://docs.discord.sex/), you can also add it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must also include a source from the Discord API Documentation, a discord.py pull request, or any other reputable source such as a Discord Developer/Staff member, a well-known bot/library developer. Alternatively, if the information is available in the [Unofficial Discord API Documentation](https://docs.discord.sex/), feel free to reference it.
```
I asked copilot to rewrite it idk
